Escoge las tres frases que tú quieras de
estas cinco y transcríbelas en la comunidad.
Valeria arrived home, exhausted and
worried, and found her parents sitting on
the couch, engrossed in a political
debate on TV.
Number two, how can you sit here and
watch TV while your son is out there
somewhere missing?
This is outrageous, she exclaimed.
Number three, we wanted children, but we
couldn't have one, her father explained.
Number four, he's your adopted son, but
he's still your son.
He's still part of her family
, Valeria insisted
. Number five, my parents don't want to
help my brother.
And they might change their minds if you
talk to them, Valeria urged the bastard.
Okay, recuerda transcribirlas en la comunidad.